Add note that in_sample does not support parser (#493)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: configuration/parse-section.md

### Parse Parameters

{% hint style='info' %}

> NOTE: It depends on parser implementation whether plugin supports the following parse parameters. See each plugin's documentation in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It depends on parser implementation whether a plugin supports the following parse parameters. See each plugin's documentation in detail.
```

> NOTE: It depends on parser implementation whether a plugin supports the following parse parameters. See each plugin's documentation in detail.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I thought we were trying to say that some input plugins do not support the `<parse>` section, so be careful.
Such as follows.

```suggestion
NOTE: It depends on a plugin (Input plugin in many cases) whether the plugin supports the `<parse>` section. See each plugin's documentation in detail.
```

The current sentences can be read as follows for me.
If my understanding is somehow incorrect, please let me know.

> It depends on the parser plugin whether the following parameters are supported.

Reviewer: It may not wrong. So, probably, we need to clarify this sentence with more concrete description.

```suggestion
NOTE: It depends on an input plugin's capabilities whether can handle a `<parser>` section or not. See each plugin's documentation in detail.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks! I agree with the suggestion of @cosmo0920

{% endhint %}

The default value of the following parameters will be overridden by the individual parser plugins:

* **`types`** \(hash\) \(optional\): Specify types for converting field into another

>   type. See below the detail of "types Parameter" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  type. See below the details of the "types Parameter" section.
```

The default value of the following parameters will be overridden by the individual parser plugins:

{% hint style='info' %}
NOTE: parse parameters will not work with `@type sample` input plugin.

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this fix!

Could you tell me why we need this note?

> NOTE: parse parameters will not work with `@type sample` input plugin.

Reviewer 2: Is this related to https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/discussions/4461?

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this discussion in detail, but my first impression is that this is an issue of Input plugin and should be described in https://docs.fluentd.org/input/sample.

I'm sorry, but if there is something I don't understand, please let me know.

Author: Yes. not confused for that case.

Author: Fixed it.
